if the total cost of Acts Apple is be
cents why it's the general for general
formula for the cost of why Apple in
terms of cents
let me show you guys an example to help
us understand what's going down
and how would write up a general
formulas so again this is just my
samples that's going to help us to
understand what's going on
the typical part in algebra is you are
dealing with variables so to help us
understand what's going on
that's use some concrete numbers all
right so let's say if I have four apples
and it cost that's a three hundred
twenty cents okay what's the formula how
much we will be it won't buy also say
how much will you be if I want let's say
seven apples okay so let's see how do we
do this and again I'm gonna ignore the
question for now I'm just going to look
at this question so four apples cost
three hundred twenty cents one Apple is
what how do you figure out the cost of
each apple you just think that 80 cents
right you can just do that on top your
head but up to think about the operation
sometimes I know is the example is very
easy to understand because insects they
realized by really thinking about what
operation did you actually do you get
eighty is because you do 320 divided by
four so one Apple is going to be 320 and
again the division symbol it just cannot
state by rights with a division symbol
will be using fractions okay it's 220
over 4 so that's the 80 cents that we
get
and I want to know how much will it be
if I won a total of seven apples well
each Apple is 80 cents I just need to
multiply by seven right so to find out
seven apples all I need to do is
multiply by seven times this 320 over
boy and that's exactly what we do for
seven times eighty which gives you the
560 since five dollars and sixty cents
that's my multiplication I guess that
that right here is for multiplication
all right
because later on in algebra you'll use
that access so usually we can just use
that for multiplication so not get back
to this question the real deal so for
ten he says that we have X apples is P
cents so let me write this down X apples
cost be cents
so here just by looking at this how much
does each app will cost so as you can
kind of see that the X exactly matched
with the four and the be match with the
study two so to figure out how much each
Apple cost one Apple will cost you take
be the total cost which is be just like
this 220 right here divided by X 1 Apple
cost B over X B over X cents and a
question we want is I want to write
formula if I want total y apples so how
much will he be if I want Y apples Y
again we're just dealing with variables
it's okay it is it's pretty much the
same operations that we're doing right
here once we figure out one Apple is B
over X so one Apple is like 220 over for
the one with the earlier to figure out
why apples why apples we just need to
multiply by Y right that's just like
this one right here once you figure out
the one Apple to figure out seven apples
just multiply by 7 7 times 5 for this
expression is so one Apple is P over X
let me write it down first I just need
to multiply by Y now what give us the
total cost so put a Y right next to it
that indicates down if they're
multiplying
then that's pretty much it okay y times
B over X will be the cost of y apples so
the answer to this is y times B over X
but let me take a look of the question
of the answer choices so I have B over X
Y x over B Y XY over B P Y of X BX over
Y ok so it looks kind of different than
what we have right here where you have Y
times B over X we can put a Y on the top
so that's a see okay so you can put Y on
the top so Y P over X so maybe that will
be the answer let me see I need to look
for B YY b and if you take a look of the
answer choice D and you just show you
like this so the answers that guy is YB
and notice in choice B in choice D we
have B Y over X and you can switch the
order of opera you can switch the order
of multiplication so I think the answer
there one must to be Y over X they wants
to do it this it's okay just switch the
be that's how we get answer choice D
okay
and so choice D